---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "eck_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-eck"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# eck_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `applicationbundle` (String) The version of the bundled components in the cluster.  See https://docs.eschercloud.ai/Kubernetes/Reference/compatibility_matrix for details.
- `clusternetwork` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusternetwork))
- `controlplane` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--controlplane))
- `eckcp` (String) The associated ECK Control Plane for the cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the ECK cluster.

### Optional

- `clusterfeatures` (Attributes) Extra features allowing management of additional Kubernetes features that are considered standard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusterfeatures))
- `clusteropenstack` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusteropenstack))
- `workloadnodepools` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workloadnodepools))

### Read-Only

- `kubeconfig` (String) The kubeconfig for the cluster.
- `status` (String) The provisioning status of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--clusternetwork"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusternetwork`

Optional:

- `dnsnameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS nameservers used by the OS.
- `nodeprefix` (String) The CIDR-formatted IP address range to be used by Nodes in the cluster.
- `podprefix` (String) The CIDR-formatted IP address range to be used by Pods in the cluster.
- `serviceprefix` (String) The CIDR-formatted IP address range to be used by Services in the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--controlplane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `controlplane`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) The flavor (size) of the machine.
- `image` (String) Which OS image to use.  Must be a verified and signed ECK image
- `replicas` (Number) How many replicas to provision in a control plane.  Must be an odd number, 3 is recommended.
- `version` (String) The version of Kubernetes.  Must match the version bundled with the OS image.

Optional:

- `disk` (Number) Whether to use a dedicated persistent volume for control plane nodes. It is recommended to leave this unchecked, as ephemeral storage provides higher performance for Kubernetes' etcd database. If left unset, the default ephemeral storage size of 20GB is used.


<a id="nestedatt--clusterfeatures"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusterfeatures`

Optional:

- `autoscaling` (Boolean) Enables Cluster Autoscaler, required for autoscaling workload pools.
- `ingress` (Boolean) Whether to deploy the NGINX Ingress Controller.
- `longhorn` (Boolean) Whether to enable Longhorn for persistent storage, which includes support for RWX.
- `prometheus` (Boolean) Whether to enable the Prometheus Operator for monitoring.


<a id="nestedatt--clusteropenstack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusteropenstack`

Optional:

- `computeaz` (String) OpenStack Compute Availability Zone. Defaults to `nova`.
- `externalnetworkid` (String) UUID of the external network.
- `sshkey` (String) SSH key associated with the instance.
- `volumeaz` (String) OpenStack Cinder Availability Zone. Defaults to `nova`.


<a id="nestedatt--workloadnodepools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workloadnodepools`

Required:

- `flavor` (String) OpenStack flavor (size) for nodes in this pool.
- `image` (String) Operating system image to use.  Must be a valid and signed ECK image.
- `name` (String) Name of the workload pool.
- `replicas` (Number) How many replicas in this workload pool.

Optional:

- `autoscaling` (Attributes) Configuration options for the autoscaler. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workloadnodepools--autoscaling))
- `disk` (Number) Size of disk for the node.  Defaults to 50GiB.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of Kubernetes labels to be applied to each node in the pool.
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--workloadnodepools--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workloadnodepools.autoscaling`

Required:

- `maximum` (Number) Maximum number of nodes in this pool.
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum number of nodes in this pool.
